Provide the link to your working Front-End Application in the README

Include a screenshot of your last build in CircleCi

Include screenshots of the configuration page of your AWS services

Connect your GitHub repo to CircleCI

Configure a CircleCI pipeline to automate your deployments

Document the infrastructure needs (RDS, S3 Elastic Beanstalk, etc) and explain the different steps in the pipeline

Create architecture diagrams for an overview of the infrastructure and the pipeline

Your project final project should include the following files and folders:

.circleci/config.yml

a root level package.json

a Readme with some basic documentation

a docs folder to include

	architecture diagram 
	more detailed documentation files (MD format) on infrastructure description, app dependencies, and pipeline process

Write code that demonstrates parameterized environment variables

No environment variables that change from the development environment and production should be present in the source code.

A central configuration file is used in order to set the environment variables and make them available to the code.

No authentication strings are hard-coded in the source code.

Write a project-level package.json file and organize it properly

A project-level package.json file should contain scripts for running:

	Tests

	Builds

Any new dependencies should be located in the devDependencies section of the package.json.


Screenshots of the AWS console indicate that the following services are properly set up, i.e. healthy and accessible:

	AWS RDS for the database

	AWS ElasticBeanstalk (or alternatives like lambda) for the API

	AWS s3 for web hosting



Trigger a successful pipeline on each push to the main branch

A screenshot of the last build shows that the student’s CircleCi account is authorized to access his/her repo
on Github and is detecting changes each time he/she is pushing to the main branch.

Optionally, a build status badge is present in the README.md, indicating the current state of the main branch build.


config.yml that ensures the build occurs in a logical sequence.

Comments help explain the flow of the pipeline and are straight to the point.

Configure secrets via the Continuous Integration software

All the secrets found in the application are configured inside CircleCi and passed to the production application.

A screenshot of the configuration screen is present to show where secrets were added.

Documenting Deployment Process

Write code that demonstrates a well-organized docs folder

A documentation folder should include separate pages on different topics that cannot be discovered by just quickly glancing at code:

Infrastructure description
App dependencies
Pipeline process
Prepare an architecture diagram to document the deployment flow

The submission contains a simple diagram giving a high-level overview of the infrastructure and another diagram showing the overview of the pipeline.

The diagram Includes the different AWS services used for hosting the following:

DB
API
Front-End

A representation of the communication between the services is present in the diagram (ex: arrows between services).










